Prefer failures (#10481)
pypa/pip: news/10479.feature.rst

> New resolver: When backtracking prefer the dependencies which caused the most recent backtracking. In some cases this will significantly reduce the amount of backtracking required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New resolver: When backtracking prefer the dependencies which are involved in the most recent conflict. In some cases this will significantly reduce the amount of backtracking required.
```

Author: I have no opinion on this, but FYI I used "New resolver" as that is what was all the resolver news as recently as 21.2.2: https://github.com/pypa/pip/blob/main/NEWS.rst#bug-fixes-2

And my other PR got merged with "New resolver": https://github.com/pypa/pip/pull/10482/files

Happy to change though.
